Final Year Project Journal
Project Title: AI Tag Game
Author: Matthew Waters

Week 19/10/2020
	What I am doing this week:
		I setup the examples for ML-agents in Unity locally to try and get a 
		better understanding on how the machine learning works in Unity.
		I also started putting together my proposal and finalising my architectural diagram.
	What I found tough:
		This week was just mainly research so there was no challenges.


Week 26/10/2020
	What I am doing this week:
		This week I will be focusing on finishing my architectural diagram and project propsal.
		If i get this done I will start looking into test code that comes with the ML-agents plugin.
	What i found tough:
		There was no major challenges this week as I was putting together my propsal.
		
Week 9/11/2020 and Week 16/11/2020
	What I did: 
		Finished my basic movement of a character with simple code to aid easier AI learning.
	What I am working on:
		I am now working on the tag funciontality where the character touches off another character
		it counts as a tag instead of a user input to count as a tag.
		
Week 23/11/2020
	What I did:
		Finished up the tag functionality to where a player touches a specfic player it counts as a tag
	What I am working on:
		I am going to lay out a small arena to try and implement AI, but first i will code in that when a character is tagged it will
			respawn in a random location inside the arean. This will aid in training the AI to tag other players and "go towards" the person
			it wants to tag.
			
Week 03/01/2021
	What I did:
		Got back up to speed from christmas break
		
Week 18/01/2021 and Week 25/01/2021
	What I did:
		Looking through the Unity AI ML-Agents example code to get more familiar with functions and terminology used.
	What I am working on:
		Continue to look through Unity code and see how to relate it to my own project.
		
	
Week 1/2/2021 to 22/2/2021
	What I did:
		Fully implemented ML-Agents to my own project and setup its inputs and observations to allow the agent to learn how to play tag.
		I have given it full movement including, foward,back,left,right and rotations. It is working with rewards to where the agent
		recieved a positive reward when it tags the player. It recieves a negative reward if the agent touches the arena wall or if it runs for too long.
	What I am working on:
		Going through my work to reasearch and understand what is going on in the background with the Neural Network.

Week 1/3/2021 to 3/5/2021
	What I did:
		Cleaned up code and made attempts to make the code much more concise and effecient. This result in some problems with Unity not recognises the changes.
		There was a problem with how Unity was seeing the script files so to remedy this I had to delete and recreate the files. I was attempting to improve learning
		by playing with the settings within Unity. 
		ML Agents had updated and switched from TensorFlow libraroes to PyCharm. This change was minimal for me but had to reinstall ml agents.
		I completed my report and poster and I am beginning to review everything before submission next week.
	What I am working on:
		Cleaning up my deliverables and making sure everything is in check.
		
Week 10/3/2021
	What I did:
		Finalised my report and recorded the presenatation videos. Made sure the report and poster were correct.
		I also tidied some code and did long training sessions with the Agents prior to the presentation for a good foundation.
		